well howdy there internet people is
bugging him down here tonight on the
Mexican border because my militia
commander called me up told me to come
on out because we had to protect America
so yeah I'm down here to do that of
course we're not actually going to stop
any of the refugees on the Mexican side
of the border because that will be a
violation of US law Mexican law and
international law and you know we're all
really attached to our guns so we're not
gonna do anything to make us commit a
felony and lose our gun rights and then
we're not gonna do anything on the
American side of the border either
because that's also against the law to
send them back at gunpoint
and more importantly that would be a
violation of our like core principles
you know upholding the Constitution and
all of that and when people enter the
United States they're you know have
rights and one of those is due process
so we wouldn't do that unless we were
traitors so we're not going to do that
so I guess we're just backing down here
backing up DHS you know the the
government agency that put out that
pamphlet saying that pretty much every
militia member was a potential
terrorists or extremists and we're down
here hanging out with them showing them
how our militia works letting them take
pictures of us
and that's gonna go real bad if we ever
actually follow through with all that
Mullins Labe rhetoric getting that
they're gonna know exactly who we are
and how we operate
I mean Bar militia commanders aren't
stupid or anything I mean I'm sure they
thought of this they're probably playing
that 4d chess you know they're they're
trying to you know make sure that the
adopt exert look good you know because
we're down here on the border protecting
America with our guns ready to kill a
bunch of unarmed
asylum seekers who were following the
law hey colonel